In this lecture, I'm going to create a task from the task definition.
And that task is nothing, a very simple task that is the nginx web server.
And then I'm going to assign the task to my cluster, which I have created in the previous lecture.
So in simple word, a task definition is required to run Docker container in Amazon ECS, so let's do
it practically.
So here you can see this is my cluster which I had created, and here we have 2 instances which is
assigned to this cluster.
Now I'm going to create a task from the task definition.
So let me click on task definitions.
And then click on Create New Task Definition.
And then select EC2 and then click Next Step.
Here.
You have to provide few information to configure your task and container definition first.
Task Definition Name.
I'm giving nginx.
Web server demo.
Requires compatibility EC2.
And next is task role.
Here it is showing to option none.
And also you can see it has created one task role by default.
So let me take an example.
Suppose I have created a container of nginx web server and my web server is trying to write something
on the S3 bucket or Dynamo DB.
So I've just taken an example.
So here, if one service, if they want to communicate with another service of the AWS, it requires
the IAM role.
So according to your requirement, you can create a role and assign it here.
The next is network mode.
So that's very important.
So here you can see we have a number of options, bridge host, AWS VPC and none.
If you'll remember when we had created AWS Fargate at that time we were having only one network mode that
was AWS VPC.
But if you have chosen EC2 launch type, you have number of options.
So in most cases, only bridge network is used.
So what is this bridge network?
So let me try to explain this as well.
So here you can see this is my private subnet.
And in this private subnet, we have one EC2 instance.
So what is Bridge Network port?
So in simple words, we can say it is the mapping between the host port to the container port.
So what is host port here?
If I'll say host port, it means your EC2 instance in which we are having the containers.
So here you can see we have 2 containers running on this host machine.
That is an EC2 instance.
So the mapping between the host port to the container port is called the bridge networking mode.
I will show you practically so.
No worries.
So coming back here, the next is task execution role.
So here I'm going to choose the one which is already there and the next is very important.
That is the task size.
So that's all in the next lecture we'll discuss about the task size.